Add testing system (#43)
snugnug/hjem-rum: docs/TESTING.md

> Hjem-rum's testing system is designed with simplicity in mind, so we shy away from other testing frameworks and stick with `runTest`, from the [internal nixos lib](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/tree/master/nixos/lib/testing) located in the nixpkgs monorepo. There are no non-standard abstractions in regards to writing the tests, so they should be written just like any other test that uses the NixOS Test Driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hjem Rum's testing system is designed with simplicity in mind, so we shy away from other testing frameworks and stick with `runTest`, from the [internal NixOS lib](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/tree/master/nixos/lib/testing) located in the nixpkgs monorepo. There are no non-standard abstractions in regards to writing the tests, so they should be written just like any other test that uses the NixOS Test Driver.
```

## Creating tests

> Every file is automatically imported with `lib.filesystem.listFilesRecursive`, given that there is a check output that imports the directory (more on that later), so your only worry should be creating the tests in their relevant directories. If you're writing a test for btop, for instance, you should create a module under /modules/tests/programs, and probably name it after the program you're testing (so btop.nix).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every file is automatically imported with `lib.filesystem.listFilesRecursive`, given that there is a check output that imports the directory (more on that later), so your only worry should be creating the tests in their relevant directories. If you're writing a test for btop, for instance, you should create a module as `/modules/tests/programs/btop.nix`.
```

If you're certain your test category doesn't get covered by any of the existing directories, you can create a new one together with a check that imports files in this directory. This is really easy to do:

```nix
checks = hjem-rum-services = import ./modules/tests (mkCheckArgs ./modules/tests/services);
  # Just // (import ./modules/tests and pass mkCheckArgs with your brand-new directory to it.
```

## Writing tests

> Tests for `hjem-rum` are written just like any other test, so it might be worth to take a read at how NixOS tests work. There is [a guide](https://nix.dev/tutorials/nixos/integration-testing-using-virtual-machines.html) on nix.dev and also a [section in the nixos manual](https://nixos.org/manual/nixos/stable/index.html#sec-calling-nixos-tests)[^1], both detailing how to use the framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests for Hjem Rum are written just like any other test, so it might be worth to take a read at how NixOS tests work. [nix.dev](https://nix.dev/) provides a [useful guide](https://nix.dev/tutorials/nixos/integration-testing-using-virtual-machines.html), as does the [NixOS Manual](https://nixos.org/manual/nixos/stable/index.html#sec-calling-nixos-tests)[^1], both detailing how to use the framework.
```

Our test system has some pre-defined things aiming at avoid boilerplate code:

- A user named "bob" is already created, with no groups, `isNormalUser` set to true and no password.

> - `hjem` and `hjem-rum` are already imported by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Both Hjem and Hjem Rum are already imported by default.
```

`self`, `lib` and `pkgs` are also passed to every test module, so you're free to use them as you will.

The [ncmpcpp test module](../modules/tests/programs/ncmpcpp/ncmpcpp.nix) was written to serve as an example for future tests, and provides comments for each step of the `testScript`. Care should be taken to wait for the proper systemd targets to be reached, change users to run commands, and avoid other possible footguns. The approach this module uses to test its configuration is to have a file for each configuration alongside it, which then gets passed to the test VM and gets evaluated with diff. You can use other approaches if its more convenient, that's just a suggestion.

> You can also debug your tests through a python repl by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also debug your tests through a Python REPL by running:
```

> Hjem Rum's testing system is designed with simplicity in mind, so we shy away from other testing frameworks and stick with `runTest`, from the [internal NixOs lib](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/tree/master/nixos/lib/testing) located in the nixpkgs monorepo. There are no non-standard abstractions in regards to writing the tests, so they should be written just like any other test that uses the NixOS Test Driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hjem Rum's testing system is designed with simplicity in mind, so we shy away from other testing frameworks and stick with `runTest`, from the [internal NixOS lib](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/tree/master/nixos/lib/testing) located in the nixpkgs monorepo. There are no non-standard abstractions in regards to writing the tests, so they should be written just like any other test that uses the NixOS Test Driver.
```

wait for the proper systemd targets to be reached, change users to run commands,
and avoid other possible footguns. The approach this module uses to test its
configuration is to have a file for each configuration alongside it, which then
gets passed to the test VM and gets evaluated with diff. You can use other
approaches if its more convenient, that's just a suggestion.

You can also debug your tests through a Python REPL by running:

```bash
nix run .#checks.<arch>.vm-test-run-<name>.driver -- --interactive
```

You can also debug your tests through a python repl by running:

```bash
nix run .#checks.<arch>.vm-test-run-<name>.driver -- --interactive
```

[^1]: Although both guides refer to `lib.tests.runNixOSTest` instead of
    `runTest`, the former is just a wrapper around the latter, abstracting
    certain concepts, so the code ran by them should be interchangeable between
    one another.

[ncmpcpp test module]: ../modules/tests/programs/ncmpcpp/ncmpcpp.nix
[nix.dev provides a useful guide]: https://nix.dev/tutorials/nixos/integration-testing-using-virtual-machines.html
[NixOS Manual]: https://nixos.org/manual/nixos/stable/index.html#sec-calling-nixos-tests

> [internal NixOS lib]: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/tree/master/nixos/lib/testing

Reviewer 2: Move this at the top of the file
